Create Discover V2 docs (#1458)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/workflow/discover2/query-builder.md

1. Click on "Add Column" to open the modal to add a new column
2. Select and choose a field or a tag from the "Column Type" dropdown
3. Optionally, add an aggregate function
4. Click "Create column" button
5. Your new column will be added to the right-most side of the table. You may need to scroll towards the right to be able to see it.

### Edit Columns

1. Click on "Edit Columns" on the top right-hand corner of the table to enter the edit state of the table
2. Hover your mouse cursor over the header of the desired column to edit
3. Click on the pencil icon
4. A modal will open for you to edit the column
5. Click the "Update column" button
6. Optionally, click on the "Save & Close" button on the top right-hand corner of the table to exit the edit state of the table

### Delete Columns

1. Click on "Edit Columns" on the top right-hand corner of the table to enter the edit state of the table
2. Hover your mouse cursor over the header of the desired column to delete
3. Click on the garbage bin icon
4. The table may refresh
5. Optionally click on the "Save & Close" button on the top right-hand corner of the table to exit the edit state of the table

### Resize Columns

> You can resize columns by hovering over the column boundary, and click & drag them to resize the column to the desired width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can resize columns by hovering over the column boundary, and clicking & dragging the boundary to resize the column to the desired width.
```

## Search Conditions

You can use conditions to filter events from results by fields or tags.

### Available Fields

Events have a number of built in fields as well as custom tags.

#### Standard fields

<table class="table">
{%- for category in page.standard_fields -%}
  <tr>
    <td>
      <strong>{{ category[0] }}</strong>
    </td>
    <td class="content-flush-bottom">
      {%- assign items = category[1]-%}
      {%- include api/params.html params=items -%}
    </td>
  </tr>
{%- endfor -%}
</table>

### Syntax

The Query Builder syntax is identical to [Sentry's Search syntax]({%- link _documentation/workflow/search.md -%}). To add a search condition, click on the search input box above the graph, add a search condition, and press "Enter."

### Searching on aggregated fields/tags

You can add search conditions on aggregated fields/tags (for example, `count(id)`) in one of the following ways:

- Exact match: `count(id):99`
- Upper bounds: `count(id):<99` or `count(id):<=99`
- Lower bounds: `count(id):>99` or `count(id):>=99`
- Combination of upper and lower bounds: `count(id):>10 count(id):<20`

> ## Results Table

Reviewer 2: I think it would make more sense to me to put the ### Graph section in front of the ### Results Table section. That is how the page flows and the lower sections are more relevant to the results table than the graph.

Author: The Graph section is nested under the Results Table section for context because the Graph section references the Results Table. I think this makes more sense contextually. Let's keep it this way for now and iterate later if my contextual hypothesis proves wrong.

The results of the table are generated based on the following components:

- Selected columns
    - Columns may either be a known field, or a tag
    - Columns may have an aggregation function applied to them
    - Sort order depends on the column selected
- Search conditions
- Global selection header (projects, environment, dates)

### Graph

Each Discover query has a graph that displays a visual summary of the data presented in the results table. Releases are overlaid, clickable, and the data corresponding to the previous period is also shown. Additionally, you can zoom in on specific slices to drill into a spike or problem area.  

By default, the y-axis shows the count of events over time. However, you can display  `count` or `count_unique` on almost any column if you add it as a column in the query builder. Note that the y-axis will reset to another available option if you remove the column from the table.

### Aggregation functions

- `avg`
- `count`
- `count_unique`
- `max`
- `min`
- `sum`

> 

Reviewer 2: I think it would be extremely useful to maybe link to another page that discusses building a new query from scratch and the process for it. I believe it would drive home a lot of the features documented here with a concrete example.

Most of our customers will be familiar with SQL as a query language and will want to know how to map those concepts to Discover. For example, this documentation doesn't really talk about the concept of grouping in any formal sense. So having an exemplar query being built and talking through these concepts would really drive home the mental model and can provide links to these sections as needed. I personally had a tough time with this, so I would love to help here ;-)

Reviewer 3: +1 . Let's not hold up the launch for this but let's build a page of Query samples -- especially based on real ones that Neil, Will & Bowen etc have been working on with customers.   I'll even write up my Healthy Sessions hack if we have to

Author: Zac and @idosun will discuss creating this tutorial for the Guides section of Docs.

### Delete Columns

1. Click on "Edit Columns" on the top right-hand corner of the table to enter the edit state of the table
2. Hover your mouse cursor over the header of the desired column to delete
3. Click on the garbage bin icon
4. The table may refresh
5. Optionally click on the "Save & Close" button on the top right-hand corner of the table to exit the edit state of the table

### Resize Columns

You can resize columns by hovering over the column boundary, and clicking & dragging the boundary to resize the column to the desired width.

### Sorting Columns

1. Hover your mouse cursor over the header of the desired column to sort
2. Click on the header
3. The table may refresh

A down arrow indicates sorting the column in descending order. An up arrow indicates sorting the column in ascending order.

### Download CSV

Note, only the current values visible on the table are exported, not the paginated results. To export the table as CSV, click on the "Download CSV" button.

### Expand Row Aggregates

Many queries will result in observing aggregated data. Some typical results might look like the count of errors rolled up by project, URL, or release.

> Seeing these aggregations will indicate where to focus your attention. You can click on any cell in the `count(id)` column and expand the results from that specific row. In doing so, you can view the individual events within that aggregation and see the tag distribution, event volume, or continue to drill down and investigate further.

Reviewer 3: Oh cool! I learned something :)

### Facet Maps

Each query result is displayed in tandem with a facet map that represents a distribution of tags that corresponds with the query result.

[{% asset discover/discover-facet-map.png alt="Facet map for transaction and handled tags. Map looks like a bar with gradient colors." %}]({% asset discover/discover-facet-map.png @path %})

The top 10 tag keys and their values are shown by occurrence and dynamically update when you change any of your conditions. For example, if you choose a different project or date range, the facet map will automatically update based on the new results. 

> You can also hover over each value to see the exact distribution for a given tag and click on them to add to your filter conditions and see a new query result.  

Reviewer 2: Have `filter conditions` link to the sections about filtering seems like a good idea.

Reviewer 3: Links are cheap!

Author: Done!
